welcome to see ha stadium where the
voice of the legendary 12th man
continues to make an impact on team this
fantastic new stadium is where you want
to be for all the applications with a
new program we're adding for next season
our club music at the center seahawks
football you'll enjoy it ultimate fan
experience
let's take a tour to see the plan
okay it's a 90 minutes before game time
and we're in the northwest lounge
imagine having Warren Moon Jacob green
talk X's and O's with you we're not
talking with standard shop stocks will
bring in a stage and telestrator for a
professional look at strategies that
will be played out on the field you'll
interact with these former NFL greats as
you participate in Seahawks University
on game days after a half hour with
Warren covering offense and Jacob the
defense they will swap locations and get
their pregame briefs to the audience on
the other side of the club before and
after this event the walls in the lounge
areas will project images of recent
Seahawk action and team banners will be
added for that true feel of NFL football
here in the south west lounge you will
be in the center of gameday media
coverage our pre and postgame radio
shows will happen right here so you can
watch and interact with our broadcast
team as they interview players former
players and discuss the upcoming games
in the hallways we will honor the
history of football in the Pacific
Northwest will add memorabilia and
newspaper articles on history of the hot
Seahawks Man of the Year Ring of Honor
players and historical football items
from amateur football as well in the
west and east mount silent auctions will
be held this is a great way to generate
donations with Pacific Northwest
cherries auction items will include NFL
memorabilia in addition to general
sports collectibles such as boxing
gloves Muhammad Ali's or frame jerseys
from other court legends these auctions
will continue throughout the state
getting back to the concept of the club
as the center for gameday media let's
visit the club restaurant we will create
a lively atmosphere here by holding
player and coach interview and a live
postgame wrap-up from our local
television broadcast team imagine a
television broadcast booth with a field
and a city as a backdrop
seahawks club seats will soon be the
hottest ticket in the NFL club level
amenities include great menu and borrow
and comfortable areas for you and your
friends together before and after
seahawks game and the views from the
club level are unbelievable fancy hodge
club member definitely has its
advantages what to say Charlie ah yes
dear 24 inches of pure pratik comfort
with all the new activities coming to
the Seahawks club your gameday
experience will be all the more unique
you will be engaged entertained and
educated on seahawks football and to
have the opportunity to interact with me
hot players alumni and local broadcast
personality being a seahawks a club
member will place you in the center of
the action on NFL game just like this
for your club seats call one eight eight
eight NFL hof or click here to purchase
your club seats now it's the hottest
ticket in the NFL